Make mentions to IDBObjectStore.createIndex() clearer (#23362)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/idbindex/locale/index.md

{{APIRef("IndexedDB")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}{{Non-standard_Header}}

> The **`locale`** read-only property of the {{domxref("IDBIndex")}} interface returns the locale of the index (for example `en-US`, or `pl`) if it had a `locale` value specified upon its creation (see [`createIndex()`'s parameter `options`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/IDBObjectStore/createIndex#parameters).) Note that this property always returns the current locale being used in this index, in other words, it never returns `"auto"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`locale`** read-only property of the {{domxref("IDBIndex")}} interface returns the locale of the index (for example `en-US`, or `pl`) if it had a `locale` value specified upon its creation (see the [`options`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/IDBObjectStore/createIndex#options) parameter to [`IDBObjectStore.createIndex()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/IDBObjectStore/createIndex).) Note that this property always returns the current locale being used in this index, in other words, it never returns `"auto"`.
```
